Let's have a look inside of the carcass
to get a better view.
Going to make a couple of incisions
here on the belly
just so that we can see
inside a little better.
Just going to pull back a little bit here.
And same here.
Good, to allow us a better view.
So if you look inside, you see this
diaphragm piece here, OK,
this is what separates
the organs up in here.
The lungs sit up in here and now we have
the intestines at the lower end here.
Now this cut, if this were a cow,
would be a skirt steak.
As you can see on our lamb,
as I'll show you here, it's quite thin.
So often times this cut,
if you would follow me
can get pushed into ground meat because
we want to remove this silver skin.
And once we did that,
it would be almost nothing.
So oftentimes
this gets pushed into our ground lamb.
I'll take
the same thing off on the other side.